Traceability Guide: Clarity and typo (#1099)
vllm-project/llm-compressor: src/llmcompressor/transformers/tracing/GUIDE.md

is required in order to offload activations and reduce memory usage as well as propagate
the activation error induced by compression.

For example, let's say we want to quantize a basic 3 layer model using the
[GPTQModifier](/src/llmcompressor/modifiers/quantization/gptq/base.py) and 512
calibration samples. The [Sequential Pipeline](/src/llmcompressor/pipelines/sequential/pipeline.py)
first identifies each of the layers (sequential targets) within the model. Then, the
pipeline runs each of the 512 samples, one sample at a time, through the first layer.

> When one sample completes its forward pass through the layer, its activations are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a single sample completes its forward pass through a targeted layer, its activations are used to calibrate the hessian using the GPTQModifier, and its output is offloaded to the CPU memory.
```

Author: I like my phrasing better

Author: "the layer" refers to the first layer described in the proceeding sentence

Reviewer: I think mine reads better bc it gets to the point.
Nothing wrong with your phrasing tho

Author: https://github.com/vllm-project/llm-compressor/pull/1100

used by the [GPTQModifier](/src/llmcompressor/modifiers/quantization/gptq/base.py)
to calibrate the hessian and the layer output is offloaded to the cpu. After all 512 samples have been
passed through the layer, the [GPTQModifier](/src/llmcompressor/modifiers/quantization/gptq/base.py)
uses the recorded activations to compress the weights of the modules within the layer.

> Once module compression is complete, the offloaded activations are used to perform the

Reviewer: I would add arxive url to GPTQ

Author: I don't think that's necessary, as the focus of this doc is tracing, not the GPTQ algorithm

Author: The paper also does not describe the sequential error propagation algorithm, which is the focus of this doc

Reviewer: But it refers to the GPTQ Modifier where GPTQ algo is used no?

Reviewer: Or an alternative would be to add the url to 
/src/llmcompressor/modifiers/quantization/gptq/base.py
stating its based on the GPTQ arxive paper

Author: https://github.com/vllm-project/llm-compressor/pull/1100
